hey okay let's take it from here
others Griffith and I'm going to do a
live replay or a live font of roisin
ashesh okay well that's kurogane from c
to g g & Co sorrow so let's see and also
joining us his fujian Akari his folks
also from SEO SC two new G so CS arrow
in the gay Canadian collar zag and curl
in orange and Fuji fujian fujian frozen
frozen frozen frozen frozen said we ok
good so let's see what this game has to
offer kurogane is probably the number
one driving force behind I behind this
into a GG because well he doesn't sleep
his robots we think he's an artificial
intelligence project Qunari he just does
everything coding decides is his well he
built it and as well also helps out of
course but good um let's see so not a
lot happening right now she's going
example soon allies lalala so let's see
skip-bo and Kuro is using his map back
to scouts immediately towards the right
main sadly the overlords of see you
didn't have so much luck so that probes
going that straight in sees everything
is he going to plant the geyser no he's
not that would be stupid as well so
treated wrong building and a pool going
up straight away see who doesn't know
where kuro is which could be dangerous
gateway going up right now
and why isn't you progressing I don't
know dunno so free live commentary now
life live p.s 5.com your per amore amore
or tell lies it to its or the lies it
yes my crappy spelling is now also being
immortalized anyway voila so back to the
game two gates piling up no gene
whatever yet expansion going down for c2
and that might be I don't know what
dad's gonna do ah that probes been oh
well sure don't sorry don't worry my
quality is crap anyway none of your
chattering will be recorded except if I
read it out loud like the bastards I am
so a drone found has been hitting a bit
what only one zealot and this might be
it's still a distracting I imagine yes
it is it is good now those ugly oh haha
good timing so that's your own helping
out the zealots right there switching
sides so let's we'll have none of it
killed at around one cycling managers 20
x posters with know that wants to pit as
well and takes on two zealots one jumps
back one coward runs back so to do again
Forge down now for Curro Curro Curro
Ghani or something like that Corrigan
p Rome am so sorry Sammy burn a nice
core going damn right those zealots
going them well to get to that trees see
you Sarah right in the open and not a
lot else probably going for speeds
Ling's tree zealots no sentence nursing
so this is going to be very very quickly
for see Sarah cuz he's got serling's yes
Sterling's two versus three and that
overloads in the right position to get a
photon blast in his ass in about ten
seconds so drunk doing taken out but
does those zealots get mopped up I think
that was a pretty balanced attack really
yeah so there we go photon blast of zs
fighters I'll overlord and actually haha
for HP or pizza little pencil almost
dead so totally being built up by for
CSR he's going for his lair now probably
I think he's got speed I'm not sure yeah
he's got speed is going for a counter
jack but I don't know hmm so Kira has
been taking doesn't